[TELCODOCS-323] - CNF-2772 PTP updates for OpenShift 4.10 (#39713)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/using-ptp.adoc

toc::[]

:FeatureName: Precision Time Protocol (PTP) hardware with single NIC configured as boundary clock
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> 

Reviewer: `:_content-type: <type>`

This is needed ahead of the ID statement. Make sure to replace TYPE with assembly, procedure, concept, or reference.

[id="about-using-ptp-hardware"]
== About PTP hardware

> {product-title} allows you use PTP hardware on your nodes. You can configure `linuxptp` services on nodes that have PTP-capable hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} enables you to use PTP hardware on your nodes. You can configure `linuxptp` services on nodes that have PTP-capable hardware.
```
IBM Style Guide:

> Avoid stating that inanimate objects grant abilities to people, as in "the product allows you to...". Whenever possible, use a direct, user-focused alternative such as "you can use the product to..." or "with this product, users can..."

[NOTE]
====
The PTP Operator works with PTP-capable devices on clusters provisioned only on bare-metal infrastructure.
====

> You can use the {product-title} console or `oc` CLI to install PTP by deploying the PTP Operator. The PTP Operator creates and manages the `linuxptp` services and provides the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the {product-title} console or OpenShift CLI (`oc`) to install PTP by deploying the PTP Operator. The PTP Operator creates and manages the `linuxptp` services and provides the following features:
```

include::modules/nw-ptp-device-discovery.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/nw-ptp-configuring-linuxptp-services-as-ordinary-clock.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/nw-ptp-configuring-linuxptp-services-as-boundary-clock.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-configuring-cvl-nic-as-oc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-configuring-fifo-priority-scheduling-for-ptp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-troubleshooting-common-ptp-operator-issues.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== PTP hardware fast event notifications framework

:FeatureName: PTP events with ordinary clock
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-about-ptp-and-clock-synchronization.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-about-ptp-fast-event-notifications-framework.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-installing-amq-interconnect-messaging-bus.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-configuring-the-ptp-fast-event-publisher.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> 

Reviewer: `[role="_additional-resources"]`
